Assalamualaikum Warahmatullahi Wabarakatuhu,

My message will be quite long, but let's exercise patience and thoroughly read the content through and through. Djazakumullahu Khairan


	Some people are strongly recommending that we slaughter a cow, sheep or goat this coming Eid. Hmmm, while they've come up with a good suggesting, we are constrained by money then Ashesi's no cooking policy. I know some people will ask, what if we go off-campus? Please, let's all remember that the process of managing animals for slaughter is tedious work. Bringing the animal alone from  Accra or anywhere to Ashesi is serious work. In the process of slaughter, there will be blood, and so much waste from the animal and the smell, there's just too much constraint we have no control over. My point is that even if we wish to turn towards doing everything off campus, we are still constrained.


	The result of the poll showed that majority want the Eid on campus. This should be our prime discussion as of now. Again, the school has given some directions specifically to the heads of Religious bodies. Ashesi does not want to  be affiliated with any religion, thus they are particular about religious activities that involves the use of any school owned property, This should explain why we had to pay for our transport ourselves during  Eid-ul-Fitr. 

	We considered using the football pitch as our prayer ground for Eid. We spoke to Dean Abdul and he gave the goal ahead. Please, we should all understand that everything that happens in this school is bounded by some rules and regulations, hence we need to seek permission for our actions, activities or events as far as the use of school facility or premises is concerned. We could be questioned or held accountable should anything go wrong. An example is the email system. Our email (Ashesi Muslim Community email address) has been cancelled. The reason is because, other religious organizations abused the email system by sending lot's of message to the extend that their mails flooded our in-boxes and sometimes the community (Ashesi Community) missed out on very important mails like an email regarding AJC case (to the individuals involved). 

	We also considered the weather; it could rain on Eid day. Should that happen, we are thinking of having the hive as our Plan B. Currently, the football pitch is assure but the Hive is not too certain, Insha Allah we will promptly send updates on the situation.

	I will wrap up on our financial status. We are expected to pay dues every semester to finance our activities/events. The GHS 100.00 we paid last time was a rare case. The Muslim population has shot up and we had to take over 100 Muslims to Kanda and back to Ashesi. About 80 people paid, yet over 100 Muslims joined the bus. We are a community, we are one people, we have to look out for one another. This semester, we have not paid our dues yet, because the announcement on  dues has not been sent out. When we realized Eid will coincide with the dues, we delayed mentioning the dues so that we can fully focus on Eid then we can deal with the dues later on. As it sounds now, we do not have enough money to provide foods and refreshments  for over 100 people. Any contributions, support or suggestions are welcome. Please reach out to me or the any AMC executive if you have questions, concerns or need further clarification.

Thank you.






Assalamualaikum Warahmatullahi Wabarakatuhu, Beloved Brothers and Sister.

I come again with an update of the current status of the Eid grounds.

So this is it;

1. We have the Hive to ourselves on Sunday from 7am to 8:30 am. Within this period we should have been able to pray, leave the hive for the next group to have access but we must make sure we leave the Hive the same way we came to meet it.


2. We have to clean up before the Eid prayer and after the Eid prayer. The Hive is not like the masjid, we need to clean the place to make it conducive for salat. We will need volunteers to help us clean and arrange the place on Saturday evening by 8pm. The selected time for cleaning is to make sure no one uses the hive after we have cleaned up until Eid is over. Please when we call for volunteers let's all get involved. We should not leave all the work to the ladies and the executives.

3. We will have mats available but i will advise everyone should try to bring their prayer mats (just a friendly advise). 


4. We have 1 hour and 30 minutes to use the hive. Pls let's all come for prayer at 7am, then by 7:30am, we will pray, Insha Allah. By 8am we may be done and be ready to leave. And we have only 30 minutes to arrange the place to it's original state. KCF has a session which starts at 9am to 11 am, followed by Pensa, from 11:30 am to 1 pm.


You will realize that I keep emphasizing cleaning up before and after the Eid prayer. This is very important to ensure that we set a good record in case we need the school to accommodate any inconveniences coming from us in the future. A majority voted to observe Eid on campus therefore we all have to take responsibility for the necessary tasks that comes with the preparation. 

If anyone misses out on the time provided (if you miss the prayers), the only option left is to go to Berekuso.

Summary:
Before Eid - we will clean up
Eid Prayer Location - Hive
Come to the hive at - 7:00 am
Eid Prayer Time -  7:30 am
Projected time to finish prayer - 8:00 am
After Eid - we will clean up


If you have any questions, concerns or suggestions, please reach out to the executives or myself. You say it here too if that's fine with you. 
If you don't under stand the message above, pls ask for clarification. If you do not know where the hive is, please ask and we will tell you.





Join the volunteers via: https://chat.whatsapp.com/H1upCIJs2KN3KsoKsszGhI
 