Assalamualaikum Warahmatullahi Wabarakatuh,

Beloved Brothers and Sisters,

Welcome back to campus. T our freshmen here, congratulations once again on successfully making it to Ashesi. We are excited to have you join our community. At the moment you may be oblivious of Ashesi Muslim Community (AMC), I mean the activities we engage and other matters. Hopefully this message will bridge the gap, Insha Allah.

NB: Some freshmen (Muslims) may not be aware of the Muslim Community and may not recieving this incoming message. Please spread the word and have them join the group.

This semester, we have several important items on our agenda:

1. Meeting Spot/ Communication platform
2. Cumulating the total number of Muslim students
3. Handling Over
4. Student Dues
5. Ramadan and Volunteers needed urgently
6. Eid-ul Fitr
7. Taking care of the Masjid

1. Meeting Spot/Communication Platform 
   Our primary communication channels will continue to be this WhatsApp group and the Masjid. We will hold our meetings at the Masjid, with specific dates to be announced shortly.

2. Cumulating the Total Number of Muslim Students  
   It is essential for us to know the total number of Muslim students on campus. While we may not achieve an exact count, we will update our existing list. A form will be circulated for all students, especially freshers and those who haven't filled it out before, to provide their details. Once a past student (class of 2022) asked for the number of Muslims on campus so they can donate some package (dates) - so you should know that filling the forms is very important. Please don't ignore it.

3. Handling Over 
   As the current executives prepare for graduation, we will transition responsibilities to the incoming leaders. For those unfamiliar, the Ashesi Muslim Community (AMC) consists of appointed executives including the President, Vice President, Imam, Women Commissioner, General Secretary, Muezzin, and Organizers. These roles are filled through appointments by outgoing members before graduation.

4. AMC Student Dues 
   For many in the class of 2028, this may be your first encounter with student dues. While payment is optional, it is highly encouraged as it helps fund our activities. Our finance manager, Sulleyman Morro, will provide details on how to contribute, the MOMO number etc.

5. Ramadan and Volunteers Needed Urgently
   As we prepare for Ramadan, we need volunteers to help organize activities similar to last year. We will establish WhatsApp groups for coordination. It is important that everyone understands that dues collected will assist in planning for Ramadan. We need more volunteers this time around to ensure responsibilities are shared effectively. We realised from last Ramadan that the same people were helping with almost everything and when they are not around, we become stranded. But if more people, volunteer this time around, we can make a schedule to split up the work to make it easy and convenient for all volunteers.

6. Eid-ul Fitr 
   Following Ramadan is Eid-ul Fitr. We will collectively decide whether to celebrate on campus or at the National Mosque. If we eventually, choose the National Mosque, please be aware that we have to fund ourselves for the trip. This Fund is completely different or separate from the dues. For some time, we have had issues in meeting our financial commitments. Please, let's do better this time around.

7. Taking Care of the Masjid
   The Masjid is our place of worship to Allah. Why not keep them (the male side and the female side) in good condition. From time to time, we will organise cleaning exercises and again we need more people to volunteer. That aside, we should never litter the Masjid which usually happens in Ramadan during iftar at the male side, because we expect the ladies to clean the place for us. Let's all take responsibility in making our masjid a clean environment. One last note, please use the bin always and when the bin becomes full and you see it, please empty it.

More communication will following this message either on this platform and or the masjid. Please pay close attention to the messages here to know what is happening in the community as the weeks go by. 

Barakallahu feekum wa ja'al a'malakum fi mizan hasanatikum (May Allah bless you and make your deeds weigh in your favor on the Day of Judgment). Ameen
