


Assalamu Alaikum Warahmatullahi Wabarakatuh,
Dear Beloved Brothers and Sisters, please allow me to introduce to you the current AMC Executives:

Faisal Alidu - President
Abdoul Raouf Munkaila - Vice President
Alhassan Furqaan - Chief Imaam
Afa Musah - Dept. Chief Imaam
Mohammed - General Secretary
Morro Sulleyman - Finance Secretary/Treasurer
Mansura Mahabab - Women Commissioner
Habiba Jingunaa - Women Organizer
Alhassan Issah - General Organizer
Boubakar Soaley Moamadou - Muazzin
Ngoila Akim - Muazzin

Note: Please pay special attention to Morro Sulleyman, our Finance Secretary/Treasurer, responsible for collecting dues for our upcoming Eid-ul Fitr plans.

About the Dues:
We aim to observe Eid prayers at Kanda, Accra, followed by a celebration. To make this possible, we need each member to contribute GHS 100.00. Payments will be collected by Morro Sulleyman from the 1st day to the 15th day of Ramadan. Our target is 80 contributors; failing to reach this goal will result in refunds and cancellation of our trip.

Call to Action:
Let us all participate actively in this initiative to ensure a successful Eid celebration together.

Request for Assistance:


May Allah bless our collective efforts and strengthen our unity.

Walaikum Salamu Warahmatullahi Wabarakatuh,

President, Ashesi Muslim Community (AMC)





Assalamu Alaikum Warahmatullahi Wabarakatuh,

Dear Beloved Brothers and Sisters, please take this message with great importance and urgency.

For some time now, we have talked about paying GHS 100.00 for transport and maybe food only if the money is enough for food. We need to book a bus as soon as possible, so please, take this message as a reminder to pay the GHS 100.00.

The boys should make payment to Morro Sulley, our Finance Secretary and also Abdul-Rauf, our Vice-President. The ladies should make payment to Rhamatou

If for some reason you can not make this commitment (to pay the GHS 100.00) please reach out to me and let's sort things out. Also if you don't want to go with us and because of that you don't want to pay, let me know too.


This issue is very serious. We need to make plans for Eid ahead of time but the lack of payment is too much. We have a large number of muslims now, so please let our population reflect in the payment. As I mentioned we need to book the bus latest by Friday. Please pay on time.


Djazakumu'llahou Khairan.




